What is going on guys.
And welcome to web agency project and this project we're going to be building a responsive web agency
Web site.
But this project is going to be interesting for two main reasons.
First we're not going to be using any kind of CSSA framework.
All right.
So something like bootstrap or anything like that and everything is going to get done with HD and now
had a lot a lot of success.
Now the second one for the lay out we're not going to be using any kind of CSSA floats or any kind of
CIRCE's hacks.
We're actually going to get done by using siestas grid and CSSA fluxbox rent.
So this is going to be good training for us to get to know them right now what we're all going to be
building on here.
You can see that this is going to be power now.
Right.
And like I said this is going to be responsive.
So if I'm going to be making a screen smaller.
Right so this will be a member of your own here you can see the Door number is going to be over here.
Now this button is not going to be working fine awesome because obviously we're not going to be using
javascript.
It's only going to be HD MLC Asus and Fonte are some and we're going to be using and over here if I
make the screen bigger you can see how our bar is actually wrapping.
Right so we're going to be using a flex box wrap property then we're going to be creating a banner.
All right.
So this is going to be our having one and we're going to have two buttons right as we're hovering.
Then the next section is going to be our skills section right.
And you can see that it's going to look exactly like we will be using bootstrap right.
So again if I'm going to make the screens more now I can see the changes to the two columns that are
here.
This is going to change to actually single column right.
And you can see that.
Again this is going to be fun.
This is going to be hitting one.
And this is going to be parallel.
So again I'm going to make the screen bigger and we're going to check out the next section that we're
going to be creating.
So the next section we're going to be creating is going to be services section right.
And again for the whole way out there is going to be CIRCE's grid in use right.
And are we going to achieve this effect by using CSSA right.
So as you can see as I'm hovering actually text is changing right there's going to be some background
text and the text that it's up front is actually moving up right now.
What we're also going to be doing on here is you can see as I'm changing right it's going to be hard
to see right now but ancho are going to change the order of these let's say boxes right.
So we have four boxes and actually on a bigger screen the actual order is different.
Right so we're going to you can look at C Ss and order properly right then we're going to have a project
section right.
Logan and just look at how to actually zoom in right would see this or here you can see that we're going
to have in the background right.
So we're going to have a foot or so here and this is going to be let's say our main section right.
Our title.
And again if I make it bigger there's going to be three of them right.
Three project sections right.
And over here if I'm going to make it to the smaller one again we're going to go to the two columns
and then once we actually hit the small screen right we're going to have only a single column here.
Right.
And then after that we're we're going to be doing all right.
We have a or here this little filler section right.
Again we're going to be using a CSSA flex box in order to get this effect right.
So they're side by side.
And again if I make it in the smaller screen actually what's going to happen they are going to wrap
around.
So as you can see one the moment they hit each other actually this will wraps underneath the second
one right.
Going to have a recent post section right.
Rhodes is going to be using a very very basic CSSA right.
We're going to have this Fantasma appear out of nowhere.
But this is we're going to be working with the cards right.
So you can see that we're going to using We're going to use the SS actually make this card look like
effect right.
And again this is not bootstrap this is just pure success right.
And the last hour here is going to be a first session right.
Rose is going to mess around a little bit with these phantasm Mike on the right.
So enough of me yapping.
Let's go to coding and let's start creating this project.